Logera
This is Dylan
Every day, thousands of travelers just like Dylan
venture out into the world to save its beauty in
memories they will cherish forever.
For many people like Dylan,
photos are the best way to capture these memories
But unfortunately, Dylan rarely gets a chance to capture these photos.
Notifications from social media pull Dylan out of the moment.
In addition to this, Dylan must note details related to each of his photos
or risk forgetting them.
This pulls Dylan further out of the moment and adds unnecessary work to his trips.
Fortunately for Dylan, he gets to relax at the end of each day.
Unfortunately for Dylan, he must spend this time sorting through his photos and
trying to journal about them, oftentimes while tired from a long day of travelling.
For Dylan and thousands of others, this is frustrating.
This is Dylan with Logera! Logera lets him easily capture all of the beautiful
places that he travels, without the hassle of having to remember the details.
Logera also allows you to add voice captions to any photo you take.
With this, Dylan can save what's important to him and make new memories from travelling.
At the end of a long day of traveling, Dylan can also talk to the Logera
voice assistant like an old friend, and reflect on his day.
The voice assistant will interact with Dylan by asking questions and showing
him photos from the day.
With Logera, Dylan's one happy traveler!
Logera. Your new travel companion.